
SPEAKER 2 0:00:00
Alright, let's go. 
SPEAKER 1 0:00:02
How do you think technology will impact the global economy and job market in the next 10 years? Well, we clearly need to be more efficient. There's a labor shortage, you know, in healthcare and education. If you go to the low-income countries, they never have enough doctors, they never have enough teachers. And hopefully technology like the one that generated this question can help us be more efficient. What's the most important piece of advice you've ever received in house that influenced your career and approach to life? 
SPEAKER 2 0:00:31
Oh. 
SPEAKER 1 0:00:32
I, probably one of the best quotes someone gave me when I started out was, it's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice. And I thought that was a nice way to think about your life. And it doesn't mean you should be, so often you can't take tough decisions and be firm, but I think it means treating people with decency and kindness and empathy. 
SPEAKER 2 0:00:52
How about you? 
SPEAKER 1 0:00:53
You had great advice in a Warren Buffett talked about, you know, in the end, it's how, you know, friends really think of you and how strong those friendships are. That was great advice. Richard Feynman was a scientist and he always said, it's good to show your confusion because if you let yourself sort of pretend to know something, then you're thinking get sloppy and eventually you kind of won't be able to figure things out at all. And he was always so good at it. Did he personally understand it? Had he worked through the examples? So being tough on, you know, do you really get things? That's been super helpful to me. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:36
Yeah. 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:37
Right. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:38
What's next? Okay. Okay. 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:41
If you could go back in time and speak with your younger self at the beginning of your career, what advice would you give yourself and how would you approach your work differently? Well, I was kind of overly intense. You know, I only, I didn't believe in weekends, I didn't believe in vacation. You know, meant that there were a lot of people who probably could have helped me that just didn't fit in because I had this very 
END 0:02:05